# Contributing Documentation
The below information gives a general policy as to the means of creating commits, pull requests, and issues, among other changes, to this repository. It should be read before any of the above changes are completed in order to help in the organization and development speed of the NeonRelay open source community. If you have any comments on how this comment is written, please feel free to propose new changes in a fork of this repository.
## Creating Issues
Issues are a fundamental starting point of either new features or fixing critical bugs, meaning that they need to be written in a concise yet understandable manner. When writing, NeonRelay recommends that you utilize one of many available templates for formatting your answer. These are designed to be in an easy-to-understand format, typically just asking questions in the form of a few bullet points. If these options do not suit the category in which you are creating an issue, please remember to follow the below information.

To begin, your issue should have an attached comment explaining what you have noticed, specific details on the platforms affected by what has happened (even if the issue is not related to a bug), and a potential solution to the issue. Failing to include this information will lower the priority of your issue. The length of your issue is not measured, yet it is recommended to be at least three sentences, which helps ensure that your issue is detailed enough to immediately start work on. All issues are required to be formatted in English, even if you are not a native speaker, and written using the default font size and type that GitHub offers. Conversations beyond the initial comment must be on-topic. Those that are not will be removed. Lastly, issues require proper labeling to be assigned priority. It is necessary that you choose a label that most closely matches your goals of the request. Do not ask for a new label to be created unless it is absolutely necessary.
## Creating Pull Requests
Pull requests are generally easier to write than issues, as one can see the code changes included in the request. For clarity, please state a brief overview of what the existing branch's changes accomplish, and what the results of any continuous integration tests are. In order to be put into the main branch, all continuous integration tests need to pass. A reviewer will be assigned by NeonRelay staff to ensure that your merge is acceptable. If the reviewer accepts your changes, the branch will subsequently be merged and deleted. If the reviewer does not accept changes, they will give reasoning for why and allow you to change any necessary code.
## Commits
The commit guidelines below are arguably the single most important guideline within this document, as it additionally pertains to how code should be written. Before writing a commit, you may be required to fork the repository, then propose any changes in a pull request.
### Code
To begin, all commit titles must give a brief overview of what has changed or been added, and must not be longer than six words. The default title is not acceptable. Commit descriptions are optional, but strongly recommended. Include a two-to-three sentence overview of what happened, including if any bugs may occur, or if the software has been tested offline.

The code within commits should be properly formatted to that language's specifications. All variable names should be written in English, and spaced in a method which is clearly legible. External dependencies should be listed before any other portion of code, followed by variables, then methods. Files should follow a consistency within programming languages. For example, the website section of this repository should not contain both JavaScript and PHP.
### Documentation
All primary documentation, including this document, must be written in English as a primary language, although translated versions may be linked from this document. Spelling and grammar must be correct for American English, and all punctuation should be properly followed. markdown files must have a heading/sub-heading structure in order to easily find information. It is important to note that the above information additionally applies to wiki files hosted on this repository, or websites using GitHub pages. 
### Design Files
Design files should follow a consistent pattern, and use the same fonts and color palette as predecessors. Files for the same purpose (ex. vector images) should use the same file format, with it preferably being open-source. Images, including ones designed to be smaller, should be at least fifty pixels in each direction. Video files must be at least thirty seconds long and be in a resolution of 720p or greater.